# ResetPasswordBundle

Worrying about how to deal with users that can't remember their password? We've got you covered! This bundle provides a secure out of the box solution to allow users to reset their forgotten passwords.

## Requirements

Most Symfony application's using Symfony 4.4 or newer should already have all the required dependencies to use this bundle, and the optional traits that are included with it. 

If your application isn't a traditional Symfony web application, see the [detailed requirements](https://github.com/SymfonyCasts/reset-password-bundle/wiki/Dependencies) in our wiki.

## Installation

@TODO - To be added upon release

## Configuration

We highly recommend using `bin/console make:reset-password` from [MakerBundle](https://github.com/symfony/maker-bundle) to generate and configure the required application files that the bundle needs to function as intended. 

`bin/console make:reset-password` has you covered there too.

Checkout the [configuration reference](https://github.com/SymfonyCasts/reset-password-bundle/wiki/Confguration-Reference) in the wiki for more detailed configuration information.

## Usage

There are two ways to get started, the easiest and highly preferred way is to use Symfony's [MakerBundle](https://github.com/symfony/maker-bundle). The Maker will take care of everything from creating configuration, to generating your templates, controllers, and entities.

### Using Symfony's Maker Bundle (Recommended)

1) Run `bin/console make:reset-password` and answer a couple questions.
2) Enjoy our bundle!

### Setting things up manually

If you prefer to take care of the leg work yourself. We still recommend using the Maker command to get a feel for how we intended the bundle to be used. None the less, without using maker -

1) Symfony's Flex creates the bundle's `config/packages/reset_password.yaml` config file. The `reset_request_repository` param is populated with a fake request repository value which must be changed before use.

---

If you used our Symfony Maker command `bin/console make:reset-password` after installation, your app is ready to go. The bundle's default route endpoints look like `/reset-password/request`. These endpoints can be customized in the controller generated by the maker command. 

Go to `https://your-apps-domain/reset-password/request`, fill out the form, click on the link sent to your email, and change your password. That's it! The Reset Password Bundle takes care of the rest. 

The above assumes you have already setup [authentication](https://symfony.com/doc/current/security.html) and registered user account in your app.
